And so now we can go ahead and
say callout.stories.tsx, and
then we'll aim for type Meta and
story from react from the callout file and
then we'll say const Meta.
I'll say title is try
not to cheat too much.
Callout and we'll say the component
is that call out component.
That's enough to get us started.
We'll say that that satisfies that type,
cool and
then we'll export default that Meta.
And then we will say the export
type story is a story
object from that type of a callout.
And that's basically adding intellisense
to that component store format, right?
And so now, yeah, so we can say,
what's interesting is you notice if I
didn't make the variant a default and
so I'm pretty sure, it's not yelling at
me too much, but we've got title primary.
Let's go put that back in.
So if I go back to my,
look, there's a callout.
And because it's component slash callout,
it's in that heading,
you can argue that button
input is a lower level.
You could choose to call it like
molecules versus whatever, right?
Your base components on up.
If you look at like when we looked at
fluid and some of these other ones,
you can see that there were like
different ways to organize that.
That's a very personal or
team decision to make, cool.
So, there's some little things
that we can do in here.
So for instance, I'm thinking, ClassName
is font-semibold, And I don't know.
That seems good, those corners too roundy?
I think those corners are too roundy.
I'm both the designer and
the implementers.
I get to decide if I don't like them.
Cool.
So we've got the primary in there,
you could argue that should be a Flexbox.
Then tailwind also has this class called
space y and space x which is just
everything thing but the last one
a margin bottom or margin right.
So if you don't wanna go the full
Flexbox route this will work.
Let's go with it's eight,
that should be about 32 pixels,
that might be a bit much we'll say four.
It's only I could look at my
own design and figure this out.
Let's go take a look at that.
Okay, like we're ready for
the children in this
case which we could put
in the story as well.
I'm gonna make that one of the defaults
cuz I don't wanna put that in every story.
Children can we get some free lormet.
Yes.
Cool.
And then I'm gonna show you
what makes me a 10x developer.
Are you ready?
Multicursor, that's the only thing
makes me 10x developer Danger.
Why did I choose all these variants?
I was trying to make
some kinda point warning.
And then what was success and
I got success information.
No, it didn't.
How many did I have?
There's only five cool.
>> Default.
>> I had a default one for bass one.
I was like, what am I doing with my life?
And I removed it from the design cuz
if five is too much six was not no one
learned an extra thing by making
a six to one in this case.
All right, so we've got that in place and
now it really becomes a game
of making the various stories,
I'm gonna hope that a certain amount
of VS Code magic is gonna help me here.
Got a little carried away there.
Danger.
GitHub Copilot not great for
writing code for you really great for
looking at the code you just wrote and
figuring out what you're gonna do next.
So I don't trust the code
of the generates.
I do trust that if you've watched me type
things I'm doing something repetitive is
mostly figured out what I'm gonna do next.
Cool.
So there we have them.
What we didn't add is any kinda
support for dark mode, right?
And so
that becomes a very easy game as well,
one could watch me get real crazy with
multicursors in order to do this.
So we got the dark bg.
What was it supposed to be?
It was supposed to be 800
on the background dark
Border or border was what?
900.
900?
That seems a bit much.
Who's the designer on this thing?
It's me.
900.
I think that my next workshop should
be secrets of multicursor editing.
And then we've got text is probably 50,
cool.
What did I hear, too much talking
there not enough paying attention.
Whereas I make a boo boo.
Extra.
Cool and so we've got all those in place.
And so now if I go to my storybook,
I can light theme, I can dark theme.
I've got kinda these initial
ones kinda in place.
I didn't do the thing where I
have two panes open but again,
seeing them change as you go to implement
them is pretty great as well cuz that,
yeah, hot model,
especially staring at one component.
Do you need a larger page is like
especially like with all the accoutrements
of like, there's actually fetch
the current user and all those things.
It's like a really great workflow and
experience here as well.
Awesome.
So we've got that.
This variant being a string,
don't care for that.
So let's go fix that real
quick in our stories and
let's say that we have an archetype and
that variant is a select can
make it a radio button if
you want it Control is select and
then options.
Yeah.
Cool.
So, that's kinda like the initial
kinda pulling it all together.
It seems like a lot of build up, but
you start to get into the rhythm of this.